What is the name of your website?
TechTexts

What is your website about?
A series of tests designed to test the user's knowledge of technology and programming

What is the purpose of the website?
To make people feel bad about how much they don't know

What information will you have on your homepage?
A basic breakdown of the site. navbar and Login at the top. Once the user logs in, there will be a selection of tests to take, as well as a "score" page for the user to navigate to.

What front end features will you have within your website?
Login/out, user registration, the ability to take tests and to view scores, customized css. 

What back end features will you have within your website?
connectivity to mysql database with multiple tables for the tests, users, and scores. php scripts for posting and getting

What do you want visitors to do once they're at your site?
preview the site's features and create an account

What types of actions do you want your visitors to take within your website?
register for an account

What types of actions do you want your users to take within your website?
Login/Logout, take test, review scores (though they won't be given correct answers). Potentially users could create tests in the future

How many pages of content will need to be developed and what is the purpose for those pages?
Home - main splash page to great the user/visitor
Login - page to log into an account
Register/New User - register for an account
Logout - end session and delete cookies
Test Selection - select from a list of tests
Test - take the selected test
Results - view results from taken tests

How many tables will your database contain and what is the intended purpose for the table?
3+
I will have a user table to store user variables, a results table to store results of tests and at least 1 table for the tests. Depending on the complexity, I may have one table per test

What is the layout / theme of your website?
Minimalist website. I don't like to distract. This is a place to learn.

What style of page navigation will your website have?
A simple navbar at the top of the page. Probably bootstrap

Are there websites that already exist which are closely related to yours? What are they?
I'm sure there are dozens of testing website out there.

What types of things do you see on other websites that you would like to incorporate within your website? Will you?
Most have premium accounts. Don't think I'll be able to do that, but I'd enjoy it.

What makes your website similar to others?
The ability to log on, logout, register, and take tests

What makes your website different from others?
The quality of the tests, the subject matter.

What more can you state about your website?
Oh, it's gonna be gud.
